Python: more call graph tracing (#3953)
github/codeql: python/tools/recorded-call-graph-metrics/README.md

Execute a python program and for each call being made, record the call and callee. This allows us to compare call graph resolution from static analysis with actual data -- that is, can we statically determine the target of each actual call correctly.

> Using the call graph tracer does incur heave toll on the performance. Expect 10x longer to execute program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the call graph tracer does incur a heavy toll on the performance. Expect 10x longer to execute the program.
```

Number of calls recorded vary a little from run to run. I have not been able to pinpoint why.

## Running against real projects

Currently it's possible to gather metrics from traced runs of the standard test suite of a few projects (defined in [projects.json](./projects.json)): `youtube-dl`, `wcwidth`, and `flask`.

To run against all projects, use

```bash
$ ./helper.sh all $(./helper.sh projects)
```

To view the results, use
```
$ head -n 100 projects/*/Metrics.txt
```

### Expanding set of projects

> It should be fairly straight forward to expand the set of projects. Most projects use `tox` for running their tests against multiple python versions. I didn't look into any kind of integration, but have manually picked out the instructions required to get going.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be fairly straightforward to expand the set of projects. Most projects use `tox` for running their tests against multiple python versions. I didn't look into any kind of integration, but have manually picked out the instructions required to get going.
```
